README.md, before:

# Moringa Project 4

<h1>Pizza-Palace Website</h1>
<table>
<tr>
<td>
  <p>This is a webpage that displays the various pizzas offered by Pizza Palace Restaurant.</p>

<p>It allows a user to order a pizza by selecting the type of pizza, the size of the pizza, the preferred crust and toppings and finally outputs the total cost of selected items.It also allows the user to select how they would like to receive their order that is either via delivery or pickup at the restaurant</p>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

## Author's Information

This project was developed by Emmanuela Joy.
Click on [Emmanuela Joy ](https://github.com/EmmanuelaJoy) to find the link to my Github Site.

## Setup Instructions

No set-up instructions at the moment.

## Demo

Here is a working live demo : https://emmanuelajoy.github.io/pizza-website/

### Development

Want to contribute? Great!

To fix a bug or enhance an existing module, follow these steps:

- Fork the repo
- Create a new branch (`git checkout -b improve-feature`)
- Make the appropriate changes in the files
- Add changes to reflect the changes made
- Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Improve feature'`)
- Push to the branch (`git push origin improve-feature`)
- Create a Pull Request

### Bug / Feature Request

If you find a bug (the website couldn't handle the query and / or gave undesired results), kindly open an issue [here](https://github.com/EmmanuelaJoy/my-first-webpage/issues) by including your search query and the expected result.

If you'd like to request a new function, feel free to do so by opening an issue [here](https://github.com/EmmanuelaJoy/my-first-webpage/issues). Please include sample queries and their corresponding results.

## Technologies Used:

- HTML.
- CSS.
- Bootstrap framework.
- jQuery.
- JavaScript Programming Language.

## Contact Information

- Email : emmajoy81@gmail.com
- Phone : +254 725853727

## [License](https://github.com/EmmanuelaJoy/pizza-website/blob/main/LICENSE)

MIT © [Emmanuela Joy ](https://github.com/EmmanuelaJoy)

Commit message:

modify readme set up instructions

README.md, after:

<h1>Pizza-Palace Website</h1>
<table>
<tr>
<td>
  <p>This is a webpage that displays the various pizzas offered by Pizza Palace Restaurant.</p>

<p>It allows a user to order a pizza by selecting the type of pizza, the size of the pizza, the preferred crust and toppings and finally outputs the total cost of selected items.It also allows the user to select how they would like to receive their order that is either via delivery or pickup at the restaurant</p>

</td>
</tr>
</table>

## Author's Information

This project was developed by [Emmanuela Joy ](https://github.com/EmmanuelaJoy).

## Setup Instructions

To set up this project:

- Clone the repository by executing the following command in your terminal in the directory of your choice - `git clone https://github.com/EmmanuelaJoy/pizza-website.git`
- Navigate into the pizza-palace directory - `cd pizza-palace`
- Open the directory in the editor of your choice.

## Demo

Here is a working live demo : https://emmanuelajoy.github.io/pizza-website/

### Development

Want to contribute? Great!

To fix a bug or enhance an existing module, follow these steps:

- Fork the repo
- Create a new branch (`git checkout -b improve-feature`)
- Make the appropriate changes in the files
- Add changes to reflect the changes made
- Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Improve feature'`)
- Push to the branch (`git push origin improve-feature`)
- Create a Pull Request

### Bug / Feature Request

If you find a bug (the website couldn't handle the query and / or gave undesired results), kindly open an issue [here](https://github.com/EmmanuelaJoy/my-first-webpage/issues) by including your search query and the expected result.

If you'd like to request a new function, feel free to do so by opening an issue [here](https://github.com/EmmanuelaJoy/my-first-webpage/issues). Please include sample queries and their corresponding results.

## Technologies Used:

- HTML.
- CSS.
- Bootstrap framework.
- jQuery.
- JavaScript.

## Contact Information

- Email : emmajoy81@gmail.com
- Phone : +254 725853727

## [License](https://github.com/EmmanuelaJoy/pizza-website/blob/main/LICENSE)

MIT © [Emmanuela Joy ](https://github.com/EmmanuelaJoy)
